Hahahahahahaha
Qingfeng, didn't you say the volcano erupted?
Is it a volcano?
What about eruptions?
Oh, why don't I feel the slightest bit?
Hahaha, you shook it.
Once the volcanic eruption material erupts
Soldiers can cause earthquakes
Even we can feel it
Yes!
It turns out that the island nation's volcano did not erupt
Your stupid phone
What rubbish among rubbish
Just the breeze.
Looks like you lost
Why don't you kneel down and apologize?
Kneel down now
What the hell is going on with Qingfeng?
Yes, Chief Teacher Qin
How could this be?
How come?
I'll tell you what happened.
Because this kid
Just a complete liar
Don't worry.
The reason why we are now
Didn't feel any movement
Because seismic waves take time to travel
But if everyone
If you are in a hurry and want to know the result
might as well
Just give your island country a try.
But whether it passes or not is a two-way street.
Well, so far
You're still handing me the frog?
If you lose, you lose.
You even have this basic moral code
Don't you want to abide by it?
He is a liar
Where does the ethics come from?
Lose and refuse to admit it
Qin Feng
I've never seen you so brazen
People hum
Because if you don't recognize it, everything will be fine
Zhang Ben called Gao Guo's friend immediately
I want to see you all today.
Hey
Hahahahahaha